Biography

My name is Jasper, and I am 18 years old from Seattle, Washington. I attended TOPS K-8, a place where I learned to discern truth from lies and developed some of my worst habits, yet still remember it as a tremendously fun time. I graduated from TOPS during the first year of COVID, completing my freshman year of high school online. During quarantine, I rediscovered my love for computers. After building two, I found satisfaction in working on something that I would use in my life. This period also allowed me to spend a lot of time online, talking to strangers about coding, video games, and other interests. I developed a passion for various subjects, but most importantly, it spurred my continued interest in all things digital.

I found my community mainly on Discord servers. Here, I saw how my interests could be used for fun in both good and bad ways. Ultimately, deciding against becoming a cybercriminal steered me towards the path I am on today. The three-plus years I spent online learning valuable skills and a new perspective that pushed my limits.

Throughout high school, I experimented with new technologies, realizing quite late how much more I could achieve. I decided to explore every avenue possible, making as many friends as I could and learning from each of them. I focused particularly on cybersecurity and penetration testing. I acquired toys from Hak5, among other tools, experimenting with them and seeing what they could do. Eventually, when OpenAI finally released their first publicly accessible model, I discovered my new favorite thing: AI. AI is the most fun double-edged sword I've played with; it gave me the ability to do things I would not have been able to do otherwise. This gave me the urge to go deeper into understanding how LLMs and AI work and how to create them.

In the summer of my junior year, I had the incredible opportunity to intern as a full-stack developer at T-Mobile. This experience gave me insight into the workings of a professional environment and fueled my interest in AI and other technologies further.